Improve LSP API (#14920)
jupyterlab/jupyterlab: docs/source/extension/extension_points.rst

            return null;
          }

          // Get the associated virtual document of the opened document
          if (!widgetAdapter.virtualDocument) {
            return null;
          }

          // Get the LSP connection of the virtual document.
          const connection = connectionManager.connections.get(widgetAdapter.virtualDocument.uri);
          if (!connection || !connection.provides('renameProvider')) {
            return null;
          }

          // Create a CodeMirror extension that listens for double click, gets the
          // selected code and makes a LSP request to rename it and prints the results.
          const ext = EditorView.domEventHandlers({ dblclick: (e, view) => {
            const range = ceEditor.getSelection();
              const res = connection.clientRequests['textDocument/rename'].request({
                newName: "test",
                position: { line: range.start.line, character: range.start.column },
                textDocument: { uri: widgetAdapter.virtualDocument!.uri }
              });

              res.then(value => {
                console.debug(value);
              }).catch(e => console.error);
          }});

>           // Create a conditional CodeMirror extension.
>           return EditorExtensionRegistry.createConditionalExtension(ext);

Reviewer: I guess `createConfigurableExtension` will be often useful, but for sake of having simple example I think it is better to use immutable vs conditional?

```suggestion
          // Wrap the CodeMirror extension in the extension registry object.
          return EditorExtensionRegistry.createImmutableExtension(ext);
```
